en-eng/HowTo_PythonVirtualEnv.md, before:

# Using Python Virtual Environment with Domoticz and Zigbee 4 Domoticz Plugin

## Why ?

It looks like recent linux distribution will prevent using `sudo python3 -m pip` installation. This is mainly driven to prevent any risk of breaking the system by overwriting libraries that where par of tools writen in Python whith the system.

To proper install the python libraries and applications required for the Z4D plugin, we need to create a virtual environment dedicated to __Domoticz__ and store all python modules/libraries required for the various python plugins.

This would prevent error messages like that one:

```log
error: externally-managed-environment

× This environment is externally managed
╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try apt install
    python3-xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to
    install.

    If you wish to install a non-Debian-packaged Python package,
    create a virtual environment using python3 -m venv path/to/venv.
    Then use path/to/venv/bin/python and path/to/venv/bin/pip. Make
    sure you have python3-full installed.

    For more information visit http://rptl.io/venv

note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages.
hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
```

## Create your python environment for Domoticz

### What is the python version running under Domoticz

Looks for the message in the Domoticz log.

`Status: PluginSystem: Started, Python version '3.10.11', 10 plugin definitions loaded.`

Conclusion: Domoticz is running python3.10 as thepython interpreter for all python plugins.

Check what is the default python3 interpreter version

`python3 --version`

If you get : `Python 3.10.11` in response to the command, then you have the default python3 interpreter matching the Domoticz one, if you get a different answer like `Python 3.12.7` it means that Domoticz is running a lower python interrpeter than the default on your system (which is not a problem), and you must load in the Python environment for Domoticz the librariries for the right interpreter version and in this case 3.10 and not 3.12. To do so , don't use python3 but python3.10 instead to specify the version you need to use.

### Create the python environment

We are suggesting to create the Domoticz Python Environment in the Domoticz home directory such as __/home/domoticz__

```bash
cd /home/domoticz
mkdir Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

```bash
cd /home/domoticz/plugins/Domoticz-Zigbee
````

```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade -t /home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

or if you have to use a specific version.

```bash
python3.10 -m pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade -t /home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

### Makes Domoticz started with the Python Environment

Update the script which automaticaly start Domoticz and add the following environment variable. For more information you can have a look to [Domoticz Linux wiki page](https://wiki.domoticz.com/Linux) and espacially in the section _Starting Domoticz automatically when the system boots_

If you are in __Option 1__ , you can simply edit the `/etc/init.d/domoticz.sh` file  and an extra line such as :

```export PYTHONPATH=/home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment:$PYTHONPATH```

If your are in __Option 2__ Systemd Alternative (preferred), you can simply add the __EnvironmentFile__ statement as described in the wiki and set PYTHONPATH accordingly in the corresponding file.

As you are changing a startup script, you might also have to run `systemctl daemon-reload``

Commit message:

Changes to the md files for the setup of a python virtual environment. (#281)
* update

* update

* Update

* Update

* update

* Update to fr-fr/Readme.md

en-eng/HowTo_PythonVirtualEnv.md, after:

# Using Python Virtual Environment with Domoticz and Zigbee 4 Domoticz Plugin

## Why ?

It looks like recent linux distribution will prevent using `sudo python3 -m pip` installation. This is mainly driven to prevent any risk of breaking the system by overwriting libraries that where part of tools writen in Python with the system.

To proper install the python libraries and applications required for the Z4D plugin, we need to create a virtual environment dedicated to __Domoticz__ and store all python modules/libraries required for the various python plugins.

This would prevent error messages like that one:

```log
error: externally-managed-environment

× This environment is externally managed
╰─> To install Python packages system-wide, try apt install
    python3-xyz, where xyz is the package you are trying to
    install.

    If you wish to install a non-Debian-packaged Python package,
    create a virtual environment using python3 -m venv path/to/venv.
    Then use path/to/venv/bin/python and path/to/venv/bin/pip. Make
    sure you have python3-full installed.

    For more information visit http://rptl.io/venv

note: If you believe this is a mistake, please contact your Python installation or OS distribution provider. You can override this, at the risk of breaking your Python installation or OS, by passing --break-system-packages.
hint: See PEP 668 for the detailed specification.
```

## Create your python environment for Domoticz

### What is the python version running under Domoticz

Search for below the message in the Domoticz log:

`Status: PluginSystem: Started, Python version '3.10.11', 10 plugin definitions loaded.`

Conclusion: Domoticz is running python3.10 as thepython interpreter for all python plugins.

Check what is the default python3 interpreter version.

`python3 --version`

If you get : `Python 3.10.11` in response to the command, then you have the default python3 interpreter matching the Domoticz one. If you get a different answer like `Python 3.12.7` it means that Domoticz is running a lower python interpreter than the default on your system (which is not a problem), and therefore you must install the libraries for the right interpreter version, in this case 3.10 and not 3.12, in a separate Python environment for Domoticz. To do so, don't use python3 but python3.10 instead to specify the version you need to use.

### Create the python environment

We are suggesting to create the Domoticz Python Environment in the Domoticz home directory such as __/home/domoticz__

```bash
cd /home/domoticz
mkdir Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

```bash
cd /home/domoticz/plugins/Domoticz-Zigbee
````

```bash
python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade -t /home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

or if you have to use a specific version:

```bash
python3.10 -m pip install -r requirements.txt --upgrade -t /home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment
```

### Make Domoticz start with the Python Environment

Add the definition for the PYTHONPATH environment variable in the script which automaticaly start Domoticz. For more information you can have a look to [Domoticz Linux wiki page](https://wiki.domoticz.com/Linux) and especially in the section _Starting Domoticz automatically when the system boots_ .

If you are in __Option 1__ , you can simply edit the `/etc/init.d/domoticz.sh` file and add an extra line such as:

```export PYTHONPATH=/home/domoticz/Domoticz_Python_Environment:$PYTHONPATH```

If your are in __Option 2__ Systemd Alternative (preferred), you can simply add the __EnvironmentFile__ statement as described in the wiki and set PYTHONPATH accordingly in the corresponding file.

As you are changing a startup script, you might also have to run `systemctl daemon-reload`.
